this is a breitling a customer send it
to us we made the custom basil right
here fully iced out and if you see up
here in the corner as one piece of
princess cut stone we do the I start on
the side too and if you want the custom
band we can do the custom band for you
send us all your watches you have any
kind of a color stone you want anything
you want we got you for a solo you can
say no the only watches we have in stock
is real diamond if you send your own
watch we can I sit out for you and we
bet you the quality is going to be real
good with a good price fully iced out
quarter carat each stone on the basal
all micro pave all handset no glue all
handwork let me show you the side send
us your watch we're going to set the
stone for you if you want the video
while setting up the stone we can show
you how we do everything in the house up
here any kind of a custom jewelry you
want anything you want check us out at
our website at mr. Chris the jeweler com
email us at mr. Chris the jeweler at
yahoo com stop by our store follow us on
Twitter hit us on Facebook Instagram all
the links are posted below we can I
start the band for him too we're going
to show you in the next video but this
not going to be this band is going to be
different kind of band it's going to be
real stainless steel band with fully
iced out 40 for 5233 399 Chris the
jeweler 40 for 5233 399 Krista jeweler